How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped me because I knew that the old version was running, so I knew that
    the bug must have been happened while I did some updates to the code. Since 
    diff only showed me the differences of the two versions it was easy to spot
    the bug that was causing the issue.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It could make me a more efficient programmer by giving me access to 
    different parts of the code that evolved over time and eventually gets
    reused and would help me to try out parts of new code, which makes it easier
    to detect when the code breaks and if it worked or not.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It gives you more control over when you added a certain part into your code
    that makes logical sense and is easy to read. It also has the advantage that
    you only save running versions of your code since automatic saving like google 
    docs does, could save your code at a weird point of time e.g you are in the 
    middle of writing a line and it's not yet functioning.
  	Downside is that it doesn't happen automatically and if you forget to save
  	version every once in a while your differences will be super hard to decode
  	and it can be very messy especially when tyring to debug or change a
  	specific part of your code.That's the advantage of having an automatic 
  	version control, that saves a new version every once in a while. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	I think they allow you to save multiple files in once commit because the 
	files are often related to each other and one change in a certain file
	also requires the change in another file. For example an html and CSS file,
	that are correlated. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use the commands directly in the command lines and it will show me
    the changes in the terminal rather than going through different files 
    which makes it super convenient and easy to detect changes between two
    commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I might make me more confident because I can always go back to an older
    version that didn't break and could even identify which change caused
    the break in the program. This helps a lot when trying out new things
    that you are not 100% sure off.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use it to track the changes I made to my relection text docs.